brother
Why did you hit me?
Why hit you?
It was because I got lost
I place my love for life on you
I dote on you
I believe you.
Will you be cornered?
Brother, if I knew he was Shengsheng
I would never do that.
I didn't mean to either.
Did you do it on purpose? You know it yourself.
Didn't Brother Mom bully Sister Shengsheng too?
Why do you blame me alone?
Right
It's all my fault
Because I learned vocal music
He tried so hard to get close to me
I thought I had no regrets
Push him away again and again
And I thought he was up to something.
What have I done?
I am all
Do you think the Holy Assembly recognizes us?
Will it be?
Yes we are all wrong
But you didn't think about it
There are birthmarks on the hands of Shengsheng
But why did we make it to that day?
The birthmark on Shengsheng's hand was injured
That's him!
He scraped the birthmark off with a knife
No, I'm not. You are
The mastermind behind the gangster paper just now
Is that you?
It's You
You already knew that these minor injuries were not